Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed
You have every right to be angry, but that doesnt give you the right to be mean
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence
Youre good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime
I can practically see your face and another revolutionary falls from grace
Ive found it. Ive found it. I have found a reagent which is precipitated by hemoglobin, and by nothing else
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard
Whether this tale be true or false, none can tell, for none were there to witness it themselves
The best key lime pie is still up for debate
There is a door at the end of a silent corridor. And its haunting Harry Potters dreams
I once worked with a guy for three years and never learned his name
If there is a design or pattern on our china, we eat until we can see the design clearly
It is only after you have lived that you recognize your life had a purpose
I should warn you I have mind-altering drugs in the other room and Im not afraid to use them
The first time Kramer and I went after you for the Degas, how did you switch the paintings?
For attractive lips, speak words of kindness. For lovely eyes, seek out the good in people
My life seems unreal, my crime an illusion, a scene badly written in which I must play
Its getting harder and harder for me to return to my true form. Some nights, I cant do it at all
I know who I am. Ive got enough respect for myself. I do not want them to beat me
++++++
I have always expected the best from you, and you have never given me anything less than that. Today, the nation is counting on us. Were not going to let them down. Good luck to you all
As he crossed toward the pharmacy at the corner he involuntarily turned his head because of a burst of light that had ricocheted from his temple
On offering to help the blind man, the man who then stole his car, had not, at that precise moment, had any evil intention, quite the contrary
My very photogenic mother died in a freak accident (picnic, lightning) when I was three, and, save for a pocket of warmth in the darkest past
The French are certainly misunderstood: but whether the fault is theirs, in not sufficiently explaining themselves, or speaking with that exact limitation
Weve arranged a global civilization in which most crucial elements profoundly depend on science and technology. We have also arranged things so that almost no one understands science and technology
Mac knew the score even if Aunt Ella didnt. Shot through the left lung and that was that, as they say. Believe it was that night. She buried him the next mornin
I learned to write because I am one of those people who somehow cannot manage the common communications of smiles and gestures, but must use words to get across things that other people would never need to say
Whether they use the title or not, many lyrics have evocative first lines that grab the listeners attention. Often thinking of a good first line can make the rest of the lyric flow
I know you have received orders from our commandant, which he has received from his superiors, to dispose of the population of this camp. Now would be the time to do it. Here they are; theyre all here
I am assured by our merchants, that a boy or a girl before twelve years old, is no salable commodity, and even when they come to this age, they will not yield above three pounds, or three pounds and half a crown at most
Heraclitus: "They vainly purify themselves with blood when they are defiled with it, which is like someone who has stepped into mud using mud to wash himself
Ive been up. Ive been down. Ive been kicked down to the ground by the voices in my head. But you said, "Life gets tough when you get older. Thats why I raised a soldier. Fight this battle to the end"
Consciousness, complex and subtle, can be impaired or ended by a mere stepping-up or dimming-down of any one sense intensity, which is the procedure in hypnosis
Dictionaries are designed to appear authoritative. Theyre thick, sturdy, and precise, with pages of explanatory material and complex notational schemes that create an aura of august finality
Having endured the racial turmoil of the Civil Rights Movement without the overt violent conflict that haunted some of its southern neighbors, Atlanta was a city obsessed with economic progress
It doesnt matter what I say, so long as I sing with inflection that makes you feel Ill convey some inner truth or vast reflection. But Ive said nothing so far
++++++
He is in great fear, not knowing what mighty one may suddenly appear, wielding the Ring, and assailing him with war, seeking to cast him down and take his place. That we should wish to cast him down and have no one in his place is not a thought that occurs to his mind. That we should try to destroy the Ring itself has not yet entered into his darkest dream.
Life can get pretty crazy at times. It can be hectic, confusing, stressful, and thats on a good day. Life can be full of happiness and full of sadness. One moment youre on top of the world and nothing can go wrong. The next, it feels as if nothing will ever be right again. I guess it depends where you are right now on your ride through life whether you smile when you read this or fight back tears.
In the classical theory of gravity, which is based on real space-time, the universe can either have existed for an infinite time or else it had a beginning at a singularity at some finite time in the past, the latter possibility of which, in fact, the singularity theorems indicate, although the quantum theory of gravity, on the other hand, suggests a third possibility in which it is possible for space-time to be finite in extent and yet to have no singularities that formed a boundary or edge because one is using Euclidean space-times, in which the time direction is on the same footing as directions in space.
A computer memory is basically some device that can be in either one of two states, an example of which is a superconducting loop of wire where, if there is an electric current flowing in the loop, it will continue to flow because there is no resistance while, on the other hand, if there is no current, the loop will continue without a current two states of memory that can be labelled one and zero.
Before Darwin, American scientists typically accepted the biblically orthodox view that God directly created every type of species, with each thereafter reproducing true to form. In contrast, Darwin proposed that the interaction of several biological mechanisms naturally caused some descendants of older species gradually to evolve over countless generations into the ancestors of new species.
After a series of near misses and the imposition of lesser restrictions in several places, in 1925, Tennesee became the first state to outlaw evolutionary teaching. William Jennings Bryan, an attorney as well as a politician, took his crusade to the courtroom when the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) instigated a judicial challenge to the Tennessee statute. In the ensuing trial of science teacher John Scopes, Bryan successfully sparred with Clarence Darrow, who represented the defendant, over science, religion, and academic freedom.
Typically, legislators showed greater responsiveness to popular opinion than judges, but even the courts operated within parameters established by popular sentiment, never allowing public science to deviate too far from popular opinion, a reconciliation in which both legislators and judges avoided ruling on the scientific merits of evolution or creation, which they typically viewed as being beyond the scope of their competence and based their decisions on non-scientific factors, such as the religious nature of creationism or the social ramifications of evolutionary teaching, inevitably influenced by scientific opinion only to the extent that opinion was distilled through popular opinion either directly in the acceptance of a theory of origins or indirectly in the cultural respect afforded science generally.
++++++
